[birds chirp]
[WEATHER WOMAN A]
Next up,
we have
the national weather forecast.
Keep your coats handy
'cause it is--
-[IURA] Moto.
-Winter days are here to stay.
[IURA] Motoko, don't you have
a study session
planned with your friends?
-[MOTOKO] It's not until later.
-[IURA] Ah, okay.
[WEATHER WOMAN A]
...looking pretty tempting--
Somebody I didn't know
called yesterday.
Huh?
Yeah, like called on the phone.
-Was a boy.
-[gasps]
Said his name was Kitahara
and asked for "Iura".
But that's a little confusing
when you call
this specific household
since all of us answer to Iura.
Right.
But, um...
Once you figured it was for me,
then what'd you do?
I hung up on the guy.
-What?
-Please turn the volume down.
[MOTOKO]
What gives? That is so rude!
When the call isn't for you,
pass the phone!
You were in the bath
at the time, anyway.
And went to bed early.
So what's the deal?
Are you crushing on this kid?
You don't even know him, okay?
And you have no business
asking me that!
He had better not be
a womanizer.
Don't dare bring him home
when I'm not here
-to be your personal bodyguard.
-[MOTOKO] I would never!
K-K-Kitahara has his own crush
and the whole school knows!
It's, like, way obvious!
When you walk home from school
together every day like they do,
how could it not be?
But their relationship
hasn't developed
beyond a one-sided infatuation
because the girl he likes
has already got a boyfriend!
So, it's not
like Kitahara could...
Huh?
[screams]
Are you done freaking out?
[sighs]
Yeah, guess I am.
Really wish I could solve
the mystery
behind why he called.
I can help you there.
He said today's study session
would be canceled if it snows.
Then just say so to begin with,
idiot!
May I never see another English
essay question ever again.
Me, too.
Like, I would sooner die.
I'm sure you'll both struggle
through it somehow,
so lighten up.
[MIYAMURA]
Uh, have you met us?
[IURA] You took
the English test, too,
-didn't you?
-[ISHIKAWA] Yup, yup.
We were talking about getting
some food to boost the mood,
if you wanna join.
Yeah-heh-heh! I would love to!
[MOTOKO]
I'm pretty sure you said
you'll be coming home
late today, right?
My friend is coming over,
so things might get
a little loud.
Take your time, and be safe.
[angry]
MOTOKO] Tea. Check.
Snacks. Check, check.
Now all that's left to do
is wait.
[KITAHARA] Iura, do you have
plans this afternoon?
[MOTOKO]
N-no, I'm free.
[KITAHARA]
I heard we're applying
to the same high school.
So, wanna study together?
They say teaching each other
is a great way to learn!
Yeah, sure, absolutely!
[KITAHARA]
Okay, cool!
I'll drop my stuff off at home
and head over to your place.
All we're doing
is studying together,
so stop reading into things
that aren't even there,
-stupid brain!
-[footstep taps]
[gasps] He's here!
Please, um, come on in
and warm up, Kitahara.
Ki-ta-ha-ra?
[screams]
What's going on?
You told me
you were gonna be late,
but you came straight home!
[IURA] I don't remember saying
a single word
about being late today!
Just like I don't remember
you saying anything
about Kitahara coming over.
Grandpa, I'm borrowing
your model sword!
Knock it off! Ugh!
[IURA'S GRANDFATHER]
What? The replica?
He was kidding, grandpa!
We're just friends
having a study session!
[IURA] So?
What time's he getting here?
Pretty soon?
Well, he said he'd come
once he drops some stuff
off at home.
Hm.
Study in the living room.
No telling what
the average middle schooler
gets up to these days.
Should I call the cops
in advance?
Will you stop acting like
we live in some dangerous part
of town
surrounded by delinquents
and go find a girlfriend
to occupy your kooky thoughts?
You wouldn't come home early
if your love life wasn't dead!
I'd rather spend my time
with a girlfriend, too.
There's no pain
like being the single ostrich
in a flock of lovebirds.
Well, anyhoo! I can brew you
a nice pot of tea if you want.
[MOTOKO] All I want you
to do is buzz off!
[door bell rings]
[KITAHARA]
Huh? Is she not home?
[exhales]
Iura?
[MOTOKO]
Keep out! I mean it!
Set one foot in there,
and I'll run away from home!
Stay! In! Your! Room!
My presence
shouldn't even matter
if you're not up to anything!
So save it!
You're just disappointing me!
[MOTOKO]
Don't play the concerned
loving brother card while
you're holding me at swordpoint!
[IURA]
Want me to drop my sword?
Then you drop yours first! Deal?
Sorry to interrupt.
[gasps]
Um, hi.
-You're the guy?
-[gasps]
Hey! He's our guest!
[KITAHARA]
I take it you're her brother?
That's correct.
Come in.
We have tea, but that's all.
[MOTOKO]
Would you stop being a jerk?
You can feel free to ignore him.
He's just in a majorly bad mood
right now.
[KITAHARA]
So cool!
[MOTOKO]
Kitahara? Hello?
Oh, um.
Did you just say
something, Iura?
[taken aback]
Best brace yourself.
Our tea's bitter.
I prefer a sharper taste!
[MOTOKO]
The tea's not all that's bitter.
♪
Well, look who decided
to come back.
You want some tea?
It's the only drink
we have to offer.
Tea's one of my favorites!
It's even more bitter
than it was before.
Challenge accepted!
Fine. I'll go get that started.
Gosh. I'm sorry.
Seems he's always cranky
when you're here.
No, really, it's fine.
I'm the one who's imposing,
after all.
What's the age gap
between the two of you?
Three years.
He's a senior in high school.
[KITAHARA]
A senior, huh?
[thud]
There, tea is served.
[MOTOKO] Can you set it down
without trying to break it?
[KITAHARA] Um,
thanks for the hospitality!
[sighs]
[anxious]
[MOTOKO]
Excuse me?
What are you settling in for?
Go read somewhere else!
No need to get worked up.
I don't mind!
Am I getting in the way?
Of course, you aren't, sir!
[IURA] There you have it,
little sis.
He just said that
out of politeness!
I'm pretty sure
it was out of honesty.
Right, Kitahara?
Quit acting friendly!
Uh. [laughs]
I'm so sorry for the way
my brother's behaving.
He's typically on the quiet side
and less obnoxious.
Oh, I was only half-listening
to you.
Could you, um, repeat that?
Uh-huh.
-[MOTOKO] Don't come in again!
-[IURA] Moto.
That's a shared living space,
you know?
[MOTOKO]
This stinks.
I thought I understood Kitahara,
but now I'm not so sure.
That's one puzzle
I can't solve either.
Like, I would even argue that
I'm more confused than you are.
How can you sit there
and claim you're confused
when you're the whole root
of the issue?
Are you really so oblivious
you can't see
that all of this is your fault?
Huh? You're pinning this on me?
Got some seaweed in your brain?
You're the blockhead
who won't acknowledge their
past actions, you algae ball!
What? "Algae ball?"
Give me back the Kitahara
I used to know!
-[cries]
-I, um, I'm sorry?
Talk to me, sis.
Do you not like the kid anymore?
It would be easier
if that were true.
He and I are still friends,
so we chat pretty much
on a daily basis.
But, it's like he loses interest
when we talk.
He's after something else.
Oh, such sad eyes.
'Cause, agh!
I get the feeling he's just
using me as a stand-in for you
'cause we look so much alike!
[IURA] Has he seriously strayed
so far in your mind?
Shut up!
This wouldn't be half as bad
if I'd been born cuter,
but, instead,
I have the misfortune
of looking like your equally
unattractive twin!
You take that back and apologize
to Mom right now!
Also, take a look in the mirror!
'Cause we're very attractive!
At school, I'm constantly
getting told how cute I am!
[MOTOKO]
Liar!
Then you should have
a harem of girlfriends,
but you don't even have one!
[IURA]
Who said anything about a harem?
[ISHIKAWA]
What kinda question is that?
Most guys say, "What's up?"
when they bump into a bro,
but I get, "Am I cute?"
-You hit your head?
-Not lately, no.
[ISHIKAWA]
Skeptical.
It's not about me.
Motoko doesn't think she's cute
because of how identical we are.
Whaat?
Your sister's pure adorable!
I'm feeling better already!
Thank ya, Hori!
[HORI] I was complimenting her,
not you.
What about a longer hairstyle?
For me?
[ISHIKAWA]
Dude, no. Your sister.
A new 'do might bring out
her confidence.
Nah, her hair gets real unruly,
so she refuses to grow it out.
Well, her shorter hairstyle's
totally cute if you ask me.
You wouldn't be talking
about me, would you?
Or me?
[HORI]
That's sure a confident grin.
Considering I said "her."
-[chuckles]
-Meh.
I guess hair's
a sensitive subject, huh?
And while she does resemble you,
your sister's cuter, hands down.
Am I ugly?
Motoko's the focus right now,
not you.
Well, it's probably
just a puberty thing.
You should enjoy the time
she has before she's in heat.
I hope you're not suggesting
my sister is a dog.
Yeah, um, humans don't go
into heat, dude.
I aced health class, so.
Makes sense!
We probably wouldn't have that
declining birth rate dilemma
if we did!
[HORI]
This is a dumb conversation.
Yo, I'm going through puberty
as we speak!
If you were actually
going through puberty,
you wouldn't proudly declare it
to the world!
[MIYAMURA]
Then you'll be in heat
before you know it, Yoshikawa.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Which is fine by me!
[IURA] I'm starting to wonder
if puberty's responsible
for the weird stuff
Motoko's been saying.
Define "weird."
She told me to stop flirting
and just hook up with Sengoku.
[all shocked]
[IURA]
And every time she hears me
get a message from you
or Miyamura,
she asks, "Is it from a girl?"
[scoffs]
It sounds like she doesn't
realize Sengoku's a guy!
Or she might just
be messing with you.
[IURA]
It's possible.
I think Ayasaki
is more attractive
than Sengoku, though.
[ISHIKAWA] Yeah, from what
I know about you, you would.
You know,
speaking of love interests,
her crush was
all Motoko could talk about
when she came over.
So if she's feeling unpretty,
it could just be
misplaced frustration?
[IURA] It's funny
you mention her crush.
Because the person Moto likes
appears to like me.
[all speechless]
So, Motoko bats for the ladies?
No, that's not it.
Does this diagram explain it?
It seems kinda hard to believe.
[IURA]
Yep, that about sums it up.
It is hard to believe.
[YOSHIKAWA]
I feel sorry for Motoko.
[IURA]
Not me?
[HORI] She'll never be able
to rest in peace.
Please don't kill off my sister!
Okay, Hori?
And it's not like I stole him!
Sorry, but that qualifies
as theft in my book.
[IURA] I wanted nothing to do
with this relationship
from the get-go, I swear!
I'm a twenty-four-seven
ladies' man!
[ISHIKAWA]
That sentence out of context
will get you in a different kind
of trouble.
And before we forget,
wanna share how you feel
about the prez?
[IURA] Not sure why
this is a misunderstanding,
but if you must know,
I clearly like Sengoku!
[speechless]
[IURA]
Uh, hey, prez!
So Iura likes both ladies
and Sengoku?
Oh, wow.
This is getting so complex!
Just drama, drama, drama!
[IURA]
It is not!
You're the only ones
making it complex!
My apologies!
[IURA]
Stop, Sengoku.
You'll wound me.
Get a girlfriend,
and all misunderstandings
go away.
Sure.
I'll go and "get one"
from the store.
Will a woman
made entirely out of plastic
be able to love me?
[HORI] Is there an actual person
you're into?
[YOSHIKAWA] Someone
in your class you see every day?
[IURA]
Nah.
Not now, at least.
[ISHIKAWA]
He almost seems normal for once.
Um, I'm lost.
Same.
You feeling sick?
Or just feel like
skipping school?
[birds chirp]
[screams]
[MOTOKO]
For the record, I came in
and tried to wake you up
once before.
[IURA]
Did you really?
Was I simply dead to the world?
You said, "I know,"
and pulled the covers
right back over your head.
[IURA] That means
I didn't get the memo!
Um, you gonna eat
some breakfast?
[IURA] And wind up later
than I already am?
[MOTOKO] You need to eat
at least a slice of toast.
Mom's orders.
I'll dine and dash.
You should be making your way
to school, too.
[MOTOKO]
I will.
And have a good day!
[MOTOKO]
It's my first time seeing
someone actually run to school
with toast in their mouth.
[IURA]
Sprinting, while eating bread.
Dries your mouth out like crazy!
I can't eat and run
at the same time!
Walking it is.
[YOSHIKAWA]
I'm late, I'm late!
-[gasps]
-[bumps]
I just experienced
the bump-into-a-boy-with-toast
in-your-mouth-trope,
so there's a decent chance
he's a super hot
transfer student!
Hey, Yoshikawa?
You know that I can hear you,
right?
"I" being Iura.
[glass shatters]
Fancy running into you here.
Good morning.
Is it, though?
-I take it you overslept, too?
-Uh-huh.
I should've gone to bed
way earlier.
Doubt we'd make it
even if we ran,
so let's just walk.
[ISHIKAWA]
I'm late, I'm late!
[gasps] What?
Are you guys on a stroll?
You're both as late as I am!
[IURA]
Says you with your onigiri.
We woefully realized
we'll be late no matter what.
Man, now I'm woeful, too.
-Flavor? Sad.
-It only has salt.
[MIYAMURA]
I'm late! I'm late!
What are the three of you doing?
We all need to hurry!
[ISHIKAWA] Then why'd you stop
at the store?
-Flavor?
-It's a meat bun.
All of you yelled
about being late,
as if shouting
it would up your speed.
True.
[MIYAMURA]
Is there morning assembly today?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Nope.
[ISHIKAWA]
Let's take our time, then.
[all confused]
Oh, hey.
You're here bright and early.
Good morning.
-What?
-I can't believe
-what I'm seeing!
-The Sengoku is late?
-That never happens!
-[SENGOKU] Um.
We third-years only have classes
in the afternoon today.
I'm early on account of student
council matters.
[YOSHIKAWA, ISHIKAWA]
Huh?
Oh, I think I remember
hearing that
in homeroom yesterday. Oops.
I would have slathered my toast
in jam if I had known!
[SENGOKU] What wavelength
are the four of you on?
[ISHIKAWA]
I dunno, man,
I just wish I could've put
something in my rice ball!
Like shiso leaves!
Prez gets it!
[SENGOKU]
Uh, sh-shiso leaves?
Those middle schoolers?
[laughs]
You guys thought
that you were late
only to show up
the earliest of all?
You dummies!
Hey, together we dumb,
divided we fall.
They gave us the morning off
because prospective students
were coming
to get a look at the place.
Ah! Those kids I saw
were middle schoolers, then!
Yep. They were.
Where's Yuki? And Miyamura?
They left a minute ago
to buy some drinks.
What I wanna know is
why you're here early.
Oh. It's silly.
-Kyon-Kyon!
-Hey.
[excited]
Ready to hit the school store?
Let's do it.
[AYASAKI]
You know what you wanna buy?
-[HORI] Uh-huh!
-Remi's been looking forward
-to this all morning!
-Since it's a ghost town,
there won't be any lines.
Wanna follow their lead
and snag some lunch?
Yeah.
[Hori, Ayasaki giggle]
[IURA] There are more
middle schoolers down there.
Wonder if there's a lot
or just a few.
I have no idea.
My head's too busy reeling
'cause they all look so young.
Is your sister coming?
There isn't a snowball's chance
in hell.
Motoko hates doing stuff
with groups.
If she tours this place,
she's on her own-
So, while I'm not positive,
I'm pretty sure that
we're somewhere around here.
-[IURA] Ki-ta-ha-ra!
-[ISHIKAWA] Hey. What's up, Shu?
Go! Disappear, body.
[ISHIKAWA]
Are you in pain or something?
[KITAHARA]
Um, excuse me.
We got a little lost.
[panic]
You know the place
you're trying to go?
The edge of this field.
We're supposed to meet up
with the rest
of our class there.
Oh.
You'll get there quicker
through the exit
on the side of the building.
Follow this hallway
till you reach the staircase
on the right.
The doors at the bottom
lead outside.
Great! Thanks so much.
Shu, get over here!
[IURA] Why call my name?
I don't understand!
Man, what's with him?
[KITAHARA]
Well, um, we should get going.
Right. Take care and whatnot.
Yes, please leave.
Do I wanna know?
Stop goofing off
and let's get
to the cafeteria, okay?
We gotta beat the lunch crowd
while we have a chance, Iura.
[IURA]
Ayasaki, no!
-[AYASAKI] Iura! C'mon!
-Huh?
Did you see something?
[IURA] The one time
a girl calls my name.
[AYASAKI]
Earth to Iura!
Hello?
-Earth to Iura!
-[IURA] Kitahara's still close!
-Hello?
-He'll spot me for sure!
Sorry, ladies! Go on without me!
Stop holding up that wall
and move.
Oh. Right.
I'm sorry.
[KITAHARA]
Wait.
[gasps]
[jarring indication]
Is that you?
Senpai?
[IURA]
I'm "senpai" now?
If he'd called me anything else,
I could've played it off
like he had the wrong guy!
[KITAHARA]
Senpai, um.
[IURA] Ah! It's hard to pretend
I'm a total stranger
when he calls me that.
Just scram, kid!
What're you still doing up here?
You're supposed to be outside,
so hurry up and get going!
[foot step taps]
[groans]
[YASUDA] Don't bully
the middle schoolers!
Look, the poor kid's shaking
from head to toe!
I think they're more afraid
of you
and your lethal
surprise attacks, Yasuda.
So how do you know Iura?
[AYASAKI] Do you go
to the same middle school
that he did?
Sorry, but,
do either of you know
if my senpai has a girlfriend?
[gasps]
[both holding laughter]
[IURA] I get stifled giggles
and sympathy?
[AYASAKI]
What do we do?
Should we just lie
and say that he does?
I'm thinking we dodge
the question altogether.
[IURA]
Now I feel even worse!
That's enough questions
out of you for one day,
so time to say goodbye!
[HORI] Wanna tag along with us
to the school store?
[IURA]
No!
[KITAHARA] We have to go back
to our school for lunch,
but thank you.
Oh.
[sighs]
Was that a sigh of relief?
[IURA]
This kid just needs to leave.
He's stressing me out.
-Senpa--
-[YASUDA] Okay, okay, okay.
Beat it if you got somewhere
to be, guys.
And since you all are having
navigation issues,
I'll act as your personal guide.
[KITAHARA]
I appreciate it?
[ISHIKAWA]
What the heck?
Be nice to your actual students,
too.
[YASUDA]
Why would I do that?
I can't recall
you ever being nice to me.
[ISHIKAWA]
Huh?
[IURA]
Yasuda. I thank you.
[MIYAMURA]
Wow!
Somebody who looks up to Iura?
I would've loved to see that!
Can't deny, I would have, too.
Why? It was boring.
Nothing at all worth seeing.
[AYASAKI]
Remi has to disagree!
Seeing you get flustered
every time he called you
"senpai" was so worth it!
[IURA] That's a normal reaction
to have!
Perfectly normal.
What isn't "normal"
is how averse you were
to simply being around this kid.
Bad terms?
Can't be that bad considering
how comfortable the kid was.
[IURA] I didn't know
he'd be here today,
but, he's one of my
little sister's classmates.
Huh?! Then try and get along
for her sake, yeah?
[IURA]
No, it's complicated, Hori.
What's the catch?
What am I missing here?
Stop being wishy-washy
and just say it!
[gasps]
Is that kid possibly "The one?"
[HORI]
He is, isn't he?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Aw, I didn't see him!
[MIYAMURA]
Man, we missed out!
[ISHIKAWA]
Shu. For real? No joke?
[Iura screams]
Um, what'd she mean
by "the one", Remi? I'm lost.
Same.